add blurb in @truffle/contract README about overloaded functions (#5836)
trufflesuite/truffle: packages/contract/README.md

// since the contract returns that value.
```

#### Overloaded functions

You may find yourself in the situation of having a Truffle contract object that has multiple functions with the same name.

> You can call these "overloaded functions" just like you would a normal contract function. Truffle contract instances

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can invoke these overloaded functions just like you would a normal contract function. Truffle contract instances
```

Author: I like the change to `invoke` but I prefer to leave overloaded functions to be emphasized in some way to make it clear that this is terminology for people unfamiliar with it.

Reviewer 2: My own editing comment here is that if you're going to call out something, it should be just the word "overloaded", not the whole noun phrase.

actually wrap web3's contract abstraction (`web3.eth.Contract`) and so when you call an overloaded function, it

> uses the same function resolution that web3 uses. However, we must give a warning that this overloaded function
> resolution is a bit dodgy and can resolve to the wrong function when you call it. So be careful!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
uses the same function resolution that web3 uses. However, we must give a warning that web3's resolution is not always correct and can resolve to the wrong function when invoked. So be careful!
```

> The more unambiguous way of calling these types of functions is to use the `methods` namespace on Truffle contract

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The precice way to invoke these types of functions is to use the `methods` namespace on Truffle contract
```

Reviewer 3: Does it mean `precise` @cds-amal ?

Author: something is ambiguous when it is unclear - usually the meaning of something is ambiguous when it could mean one of several things

Author: for this one I re-wrote it as "The more precise way of referencing these...". Is that good?

Reviewer 2: Yeah I think "unambiguous" here is clearer than precise.  I would just say "unambiguous" rather than "more unambiguous", though -- it *is* unambiguous, we don't need to qualify it.

objects. Consider the following contrived code sample:

```solidity
contract MyContract {
  uint256 public myUint;
  string public myString;

  function setValue(uint val) {
    myUint = val;
  }

  function setValue(string str) {
    myString = str;
  }
}
```

This Solidity contract contains two functions named `setValue`, each taking a different type of input. In your JavaScript you
might do something like the following:

```javascript
await instance.setValue("this is not string cheese");
```

Truffle contract (internally using web3's overloaded function resolution) will see that you input a string and

> call the second method in the contract to set `myString`. Again however, sometimes when your contract is more

Reviewer 2: Hahaha you wish!  Web3's overload resolution only works reliably when the functions have different numbers of arguments.  The behavior you describe here is obviously what *ought* to actually happen, but not necessarily what actually will.  In reality there's a decent chance that Web3 tries to go with the integer function *anyway* and then just errors on you because the input wasn't an integer like expected.  This is why I keep saying it's so bad, and the primary reason I created Truffle Encoder with the hope of replacing this!

Reviewer: Wow, that is terrible.

Author: Oh I didn't realize it was primarily based on number of arguments. Bummer, I'll update this blurb here. I wonder how easy it would be to create our own shim/adapter-thingy for this...
